this Tim really excited because we're
going to do a fava which is a very
traditional French speciality from the
southwest part of France that people
from the South was part of France they
eat it regularly as part of their their
regular meals but the rest the people in
France and the rest of the world eat it
at very special occasions so we've made
one today for Christmas in New Year's
and we're going to enjoy it
we have here a nine hundred gram fall
liver which normally they're about six
hundred ours is quite big and what we're
going to do is we're going to prepare
the fall and we're going to put it in
the tub main and then we're going to put
it in the oven for 100 and 140 degrees
Celsius for an hour and a half
okay so there's actually two moves to to
the flop the liver and what you need to
do is we need to open it in between the
two lobes so you cut and between the two
lobes open it up and your you need to
devein it and you need to take out the
part that is reddish
some of the nice helping me I've never
done this before
so you actually have to just sort of
pull the veins out don't cut them out
like there we go and just sort of there
we go part that's red just sort of
scrape over to clean it out nothing I'm
gonna put each other that's a [ __ ] baby
so we're opening it up to try to get
this one vein out here or just sort of
evicted well with you with do it with
your hands and sort of just a kinda like
with shrimp actually and you're just
trying to take out this vein where it is
and do it with your hands because you
don't want to cut into the again and
just pull it out there you go
you
close it back up perfect so we're just
going to clean up a little bit a little
bit like surgery and we're getting all
the the red off so you use a paper towel
and go over it turn it over so that it
is clean
so we have here about 21 grams of goal
set which is slick sea salt ground
pepper and cat cat - spices the fun now
deveined and wade if you put your 21
grams of salt pepper and cat piss vests
on cleats so that you can marinate the
flop the liver here we go okay yeah so
if you just do a little back and forth
here Todd make sure you get it nice and
covered because this is the spice this
is what's going to make it really good
and what changes I suppose I would
imagine a different recipes of fog off
because the liver itself of course
tastes pretty normal and then durian
this is my first time doing this never
done it before anything's possible make
sure you get the spices all over a
little bit like marinating a steak
sample set no wish to sour sauce back
off no almighty squish amen okay okay so
then take the rest of your salt and
pepper sprinkle it on it's a little bit
messy and so now we let that sit for six
hours and we're going to come back and
do the rest of it okay
okay so it's been six hours this has
been going off in the fridge we've
already prepared it and so now what
we've done is we've taken this is what
they call in France and the Dead Valley
and what we're going to do is we're
going to put water in it and put it in
the oven at 140 degrees until it starts
to Frizzle bit selves up just a little
baby bubble I've gone ahead and warmed
the water a little bit so that we can go
a bit faster there we go and then I'm
going to go ahead and put this in the
oven to warm up liquidy
and what we're going to do the final
step is to take cognac we all have on
mony AK and cognac here and my
father-in-law said that probably cognac
would be the best so what we're going to
do is we're going to take two
tablespoons of honey on and we're just
going to drizzle it on top so here we go
with one drizzle it on top and around
the edges sort of bathe it on top and to
this makes the photo even more French
because cognac of course is French there
we go from the region of cognac which is
near and Faldo okay so now the fault is
at 140 degrees constant and so we've got
the belly which is the waterproof and
what we're going to do is pull this out
just a little bit we want to do is place
the funnel which we recently put into
the taylean into the belly and the water
needs to go 50 percent up the italiana
clothed into the middle of the fool and
we're leave in there an hour and a half
we heard little ding ding I'm gonna take
out just the timing so that we don't hot
water on this I just want to bring
yourself
see here maybe I'll just take this big
black thing out look forget it do all
that and all that liquid there is going
to freeze up and that's what becomes the
yellow what's fat the yellow fat all
around the fog ah we did it let it cool
for one hour and then put it in the
refrigerator for at least 24 hours
before you eat it
that's exciting oh wow so now it's the
next day we're going to see what it
looks like the Frog ah hmm
all finished hmm
Oh